Add template support for any package.json keys (#8082) (#8219)
facebook/create-react-app: docusaurus/docs/custom-templates.md

### The `template.json` file

> This is the configuration file for your template. It allows you to define information that should become a part of the generated project's `package.json` file, such as dependencies (only dependencies are supported for now) and any custom scripts that your template relies on. It should be structured as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the configuration file for your template. As this is a new feature, more options will be added over time. For now, only a `package` key is supported.

The `package` key lets you provide any keys/values that you want added to the new project's `package.json`, such as dependencies (only dependencies are supported for now) and any custom scripts that your template relies on.

Below is an example `template.json` file:
```

Author: Done 👍

```json
{
  "package": {
    "dependencies": {
      "serve": "^11.2.0"
    },
    "scripts": {
      "serve": "serve -s build",
      "build-and-serve": "npm run build && npm run serve"
    },

>     "browserslist": [

Author: Good idea. I've used the example from the [eslint-config-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/tree/master/packages/eslint-config-react-app#accessibility-checks) docs to ensure it doesn't conflict with something already covered in the react-app config.

      "defaults",
      "not IE 11",
      "not IE_Mob 11",
      "maintained node versions",
    ]
  }
}
```

> Any values you add for `"dependencies"` and `"scripts"` will be merged with the values used in the initialisation process of `react-scripts`. Any other information you add to `"package"` will be added to the generated project's `package.json` file, replacing any existing values associated with those keys.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this, but maybe something like the below?

```suggestion
Any values you add for `"dependencies"` and `"scripts"` will be merged with the Create React App defaults. Values for any other keys will be used as-is, replacing any matching Create React App defaults.
```

Author: I've updated this to your suggestion above. I tried to think of a few different ways to phrase it but they were a bit verbose - this seems to be the most concise. The message is essentially "these keys will be merged with defaults, the rest will be added and replace existing defaults" so I think the less words the better!
